The name of the wind A Silence of Three Parts
The Waystone Inn lay in silence, and it was a silence of three parts.
The most obvious part was a hollow, echoing quiet, made by things that were lacking.
If there had been a wind it would have sighed through the trees.
If there had been a crowd, even a handful of men inside the inn, they would have filled the silence with conversation and laughter.
The clatter and clamor one expects from a drinking house during the dark hours of night.
If there had been music, but no, of course there was no music.
In fact there were none of these things, and so the silence remained.
Inside the Waystone a pair of men huddled at one corner of the bar.
They drank with quiet determination, avoiding serious discussions of troubling news.
In doing this they added a small, sullen silence to the larger, hollow one.
The third silence was not an easy thing to notice.
For an hour, you might begin to feel it in the wooden floor underfoot and in the rough barrels behind the bar.
It was in the slow back and forth a white linen cloth rubbing along the grain of the bar.
And it was in the hands of the man who stood there.
The man had true red hair, red as flame.
His eyes were dark and distant, and he moved with the subtle certainity that comes from knowing many things.
The Waystone was his, just as the third silence was his.
This was appropriate, as it was the greatest silence of the three, wrapping the others inside itself.
It was deep and wide as autumns ending.
It was heavy a great smooth stone. 
It was the patient, cutflower sound of a man who is waiting to die.
Perhaps the greatest faculty our minds possess is the ability to cope with pain. 
Classic thinking teaches us of the four doors of the mind, which everyone moves through according to their need.
First is the door of sleep.
Sleep offers us a retreat from the world and all its pain. 
Sleep marks passing time, giving us distance from the things that have hurt us. 
When a person is wounded they will often fall unconscious. 
Similarly, someone who hears traumatic news will often swoon or faint. 
This is the mind's way of protecting itself from pain by stepping through the first door.
Second is the door of forgetting. 
Some wounds are too deep to heal, or too deep to heal quickly. 
In addition, many memories are simply painful, and there is no healing to be done. 
The saying time heals all wounds is false.
Time heals most wounds.
Is hidden behind the third door, the door of madness.
There are times when the mind is dealt such a blow it hides itself in insanity.
While this may not seem beneficial, it is. 
There are times when reality is nothing but pain, and to escape that pain the mind must leave reality behind.
Last is the door of death, the final resort, nothing can hurt us after we are dead, or so we have been told.
